all right we got to do this one
how do i poop in public because of kovid
in the prolonged comfort of being able
to poop in my own home 24 7. not on my
back working in person i'm having
trouble pooping at work if someone else
is already in the restroom i just leave
if someone walks in while doing while
i'm doing my business i often can't
finish and end up pinching it off and
leaving
even if i have the restroom to myself
i'll have anxiety about the potential of
someone walking in does anyone else
struggle with this got any tips tricks
meditations this is one where when i was
reading this i got to scroll down
because it was brilliant
if you lay toilet paper down in the bowl
there's no
splash or noise so you can poop silently
next level plays chat
next level plays let me tell you what
dude this is why i love the subreddit so
here's the thing
dr k has a lot of answers
but i don't have all the answers and
they're not the best ones okay
there are some real five heads in our
community and what i love about the
subreddit is like the five heads have
your back
so not i i had this answer kind of like
oh like look at yourself and think about
like what do i mean i think what i say
still is valid
in the sense that like you know
play the tape through to the end is what
i would say when you guys have an
anxiety about something
i give you all a technique which is play
the tape through to the end so let's say
that you do you know drop a deuce
and
there's a splish splash or a plunk in
the pool
and then like
what is it that you're worried about
right like so what happens after that
like
just play the tape through like because
this is the thing a lot of fears are
nebulous
so fears can be a lot like mirages where
the closer you get to them in your mind
the more they disappear
so like when i talk to people who have
like anxieties like this and we kind of
like explore their anxieties
what we'll find over time is that like
there's like a primal fear but it's not
actually like logical in nature because
it's emotion right and so the closer you
look at it like the weaker it kind of
gets
so i would say play the tape through the
end and then think like okay so like oh
but then they'd hear and then what
you know like are they ever going to
talk to you about it no they're never
going to talk to you about it but
they're going to know and they're going
to think and they're going to know it
was me and like how are they gonna know
it's you i don't know they're gonna like
you know look at my shoes
like
there's someone at your place of work
that's looking underneath the stalls to
see who's in the stall like
what
all right so as you kind of play the
tape through to the end of your anxiety
you'll start to see that they're like
weird things that don't really line up
and so eventually when you play the tape
through like essentially what happens is
in my experience a lot of times the
strength of the fear will like diminish
the more that you play the tape through
the end
but in some cases it doesn't work to be
tbh
and in that case i'd say like use this
five head move and just lay some toilet
paper in so it doesn't plunk plunk
you know
it's great
you